docs: jwt auth role bound_claims list format (#1171)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault: website/docs/r/jwt_auth_backend_role.html.md

  this value.

> * `bound_claims` - (Optional) If set, a map of claims/values to match against.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `bound_claims` - (Optional) If set, a map of claims to values to match against.
```

>   A claim's value may be a single string or a comma-separated string list.

Reviewer: With the example above, it's perfectly clear, but just reading this inline, I wasn't sure between `["red","green","blue"]` and `"red,green,blue"`. I've had a go at clarifying in the suggestion.

```suggestion
  A claim's value must be a string, which may contain one value or multiple
  comma-separated values, e.g. `"red"` or `"red,green,blue"`.
```
